# The Big Little Challenge

The goal of this project is to introduce young and old programmers to
open osurce collaboration while building a game. It's about fun and
learning. The code outputs are secondary. It's a playground with
enough structure around it to provide common ground for participants.

# Status

This is little more than an idea right now. We will be pitching the
idea, and starting to work on it at SEAGL, a community run conference
in Seattle, Nov 12 2016. We look forward to your involvement.


# Building a Game

At the simplest level we are building a game. It's a simple game. It's
not intended to be a AAA best seller, or even a bargain bin item. Of
course, if we happen to produce something valuable it's open source,
so go do what you can with it.

## Game Design

Thnink of a Deck Building game (Pokemon, Magic The Gathering etc.), a
stats game (Dungeons and Dragons) and the Olympics (varied
competitions) and you have the basic premise of The Big Little
Challenge.

### Team Building

Players will build teams from a range of
[characters](docs/characters.md). These characters will be entered
into a series of competitions. The goal is to win as many of the
competitions as possible.

Each charactrer will have one special ability and a set of stats that
determine how well they perform in the various competitions. For
example, the 100m dash will require a high speed statistic, but it
will also be affected by reaction time. The 8000m race, however, will
require stamina and speed while the 8000m Steeple Chase will be more
about Stamina and Dexterity.

Characters will also have a special ability. This will give them a
specific advantage in certain circumstances. For example, "Fast Start"
will give them an advantage over other characters at the start of a
competition while "Never Stumble" means that the character will never
suffer from a fall while running.

### Traits

Players can customize their characters by assigning points to each of
the character [traits](docs/characters.md#traits). Every character has
the same fixed number of points to distribute across their traits.

### Competitions

There are many different kinds of competitions that your characters
can enter. Initially these will be based on the Olympics, but we
should not restrict ourselves to the real world olympics. Imagination
is important here.

In it's simplest form the game is just a comparison of the relavant
traits. So, in the example of the 100m sprint the winner might be
"reactions + speed + special ability". A more complex algorithm might
involve some random number generation, experience or user
interaction. There is really no limit to what could be implemented.



